Skip to main content
Buy
Sell
Research
Finance
Home
Shop other used 2025 Toyota Camrys
Used 2025 Toyota Camry XLE
Used 2025 Toyota Camry XLE
$29,990

$1,000

Mileage

32,665 mi

Est. payment

$545 /mo

Great Deal
High Demand
2025 Award Finalist
Vehicle price breakdown
Description	Amount

Vehicle price

	

$28,496




Dealer Service Fee

	

$995




Electronic Filing Fee

	

$499




All-in total price

	

$29,990

Price does not include taxes, registration, or other mandatory government charges. The seller is solely responsible for the prices and fees listed.

Ask Carson

Ask Carson about expert reviews, comparisons to similar vehicles, and whether this is a good deal.

What do experts say about this model?

How does this compare to similar vehicles?

Is this a good deal?

This vehicle is a great deal

$29,990

$30,177
$33,565
This vehicle is below the current average market range. 
Price history

$2,095 below original listed price

Contact seller
Features & specs
VIN: 4T1DAACK6SU124508 / Stock #: SU124508
Heavy Metal exterior color
Boulder interior color
Gasoline fuel type
Dynamic Force 2.5L I-4 port/direct injection, DOHC, VVT-iE/VVT-i engine
48-47 mpg
Front-wheel Drive drivetrain
Automatic transmission
See all features & specs
Finance & buying options

Get prequalified in minutes

No credit impact. Real offers. Real payments — all available before you visit the dealership.

Get prequalified

Not all customers will qualify. All decisions related to submission of consumer's credit application, assignment of financing agreement, and available lenders are at sole discretion of the dealer. Cars.com is not an automobile dealer or a lender, and will not render a credit decision.

Seller's notes
Leather Seats Navigation System Lane Keeping Assist Keyless Start 50 State Emissions Boulder; Leather/Dinamica Microfiber Seat Trim UndergroundThis vehicle includes a Money-Back Guarantee and passed our precise inspection process. Best of all the price you see is the price you pay. No haggling. No back and forth. No pressure. And this price is so good it is guaranteed. Money-Back Guarantee is valid for 5 days or 250 miles, whichever comes first. Subject to certain terms and conditions. See store for details. Some restrictions apply.ONLY AT AUTONATION HONDA SANFORD PLEASE CALL 407-323-6100. AUTONATION CERTIFIED This outstanding example of a 2025 Toyota Camry XLE is offered by Autonation Honda Sanford. With its full CARFAX one-owner history report, you'll know exactly what you are getting with this well-kept Toyota Camry. Start enjoying more time in your new ride and less time at the gas station with this 2025 Toyota Camry. This pre-owned Toyota Camry looks like new with a clean interior that's been well-kept. When all factors are equal, choose a vehicle equipped with a factory warranty like this gently driven gem. Added comfort with contemporary style is the leather interior to heighten the quality and craftsmanship for the Toyota Camry XLE.
See vehicle on dealership website 
Estimate payments
Ad

Check your credit rating: 

$545/mo*

Based on 7.0% APR*

Car price

	

$29,990




Down payment

	

-$0




Net trade-in value

	

-$0




Estimated sales tax (6.5%)

	

$2,076




Total loan amount

	

$31,939




Total interest paid

	

$7,301






Total loan & interest paid

	

$39,240

Hide breakdown
Get prequalified

Not all customers will qualify. All decisions related to submission of consumer's credit application, assignment of financing agreement, and available lenders are at sole discretion of the dealer. Cars.com is not an automobile dealer or a lender, and will not render a credit decision.

*Estimated payments are calculated by Cars.com and are for informational purposes only. We've estimated your taxes based on your provided ZIP code. These estimates do not include title, registration fees, lien fees, or any other fees that may be imposed by a governmental agency in connection with the sale and financing of the vehicle. Other taxes may apply. They do not represent a financing offer or a guarantee of credit from the seller. Actual terms vary by lender.

History & condition
History report
AutoCheck Vehicle History Report

Verified ownership, accident, and title history from Experian AutoCheck.

Owner

1

Accidents

0

Title

Clean

Get the AutoCheck Report
Ad
Seller's info
AutoNation Honda Sanford
3,208 reviews
Closed
Opens 9am
1000 Rinehart Rd, Sanford, FL 32771
Visit dealership website
See vehicle on dealership website
About
AutoNation Honda Sanford Awards

We make it easy - we'll buy your car with a check that you can deposit the same day our pre-owned vehicles come with a 5-day return policy* and we'll even sanitize your vehicle so you can buy and service safely. Now that's easy. Schedule an appointment today!*Money-Back Guarantee is valid for 5 days or 250 miles whichever comes first. See store for complete guarantee warranty and service contract details.

Other locations
AutoNation Chevrolet Airport
 Orlando, FL
AutoNation Toyota Winter Park
 Winter Park, FL
Mercedes-Benz of Orlando
 Maitland, FL
Porsche Orlando
 Maitland, FL
AutoNation Chevrolet West Colonial
 Orlando, FL
Audi South Orlando
 Orlando, FL
AutoNation USA Sanford
 Sanford, FL
AutoNation Acura North Orlando
 Sanford, FL
Mercedes-Benz of North Orlando
 Sanford, FL
AutoNation Ford Sanford
 Sanford, FL
Reviews
Similar cars at this dealership
$17,590
Used 2024 Nissan Sentra S
56,084 mi
$10,093
Used 2013 Toyota Corolla LE
124,133 mi
$28,967
Used 2023 Acura Integra A-SPEC Technology
36,168 mi
$26,990
Used 2025 Honda Accord Hybrid Sport-L
58,501 mi
$27,990
Used 2025 Honda Accord SE
3,621 mi
$25,546
Certified 2024 Honda Accord LX 1.5T
24,128 mi
$25,249
Certified 2023 Honda Accord LX 1.5T
19,212 mi
$22,278
Used 2023 Kia K5 GT-Line
61,479 mi
See all cars at this dealership 
Consumer reviews
64% of drivers recommend the 2025 Toyota Camry
3.7 / 5
Based on 14 reviews
Comfort 3.5
Interior 3.8
Performance 3.8
Value 3.8
Exterior 3.9
Reliability 3.9
Write a review
Most recent
By Jeff from Niles,Illinois
Owns this car
09/16/2026
Since day one, problems!
Since day one, problems! Dealer damaged the car and isn't taking responsibility! Toyota of Japan, doesn't help. See the dealer they say. Since it's an independent store, I would say never buy a Toyota! They don't care and just talk at you. If they don't arrest you for trespassing!
By Rae Lew from Portage, Michigan
Owns this car
06/23/2026
Excellent gas mileage!
Excellent gas mileage! The 2025 Toyota Camry LE model is a very smooth ride. Sporty get up and go and very agile. The driver's seat is difficult to find the best comfort for long drives. Storage space is minimal, but I found add-ons that were a perfect fit. Bottom line.... a car you can trust that pays itself off at the pump!
By Damon T. from Hagerstown, MD
Owns this car
03/17/2026
I absolutely love my 2025 Heavy Metal Camry SE!
I absolutely love my 2025 Heavy Metal Camry SE! It had 15,000 miles on it when I got it. It has a very stylish exterior and interior. Mine has the sunroof, heated seats, heated steering wheel, etc. The upgrades are awesome! Ride quality is so smooth. Changes from the electric motor to the gas motor are hardly noticeable. Very quiet interior that keeps a lot of road noise out. Very easy to use touchscreen display. Has enough power for driving on the highway. If a person wants more power you can put it in sport mode. You’ll just get lower mpg’s. Now depending on how you drive it the mpg’s on this car are amazing! My average is about 46 mpg right now. I’ve gotten as high as 53.7 mpg. It’s so much fun trying to beat your best mpg per trip. Toyota did an amazing job building this car!
By Aaliyah from Florida
Used to own this car
02/09/2026
Traded in the vehicle, it was just to big of a car.
Traded in the vehicle, it was just to big of a car. Trying to park it in small spaces. Merging on traffic lane just to get over. This car is to bulky big for me. The vehicle also was in the shop for repairs and I couldn't handle that any more by taking time off work. Fuel mileage was decent, but the service costs are not cheap. Seating felt to stiff and causing discomfort on my back. I, just didn't care about the vehicle no quality.
By Davis from Seattle Washington
Used to own this car
02/06/2026
Terrible ride quality, suspension, hard seats cheap
Terrible ride quality, suspension, hard seats cheap plastic pieces interior making crackling sounds. Cheap stereo design, it's pretty slow and has glitches. Head room leg room space I do feel to cramped up. Transmission has a weird hard shift into second, into third gear. To many negatives vs positives regarding this vehicle.
By Stephanie from Colorado
Used to own this car
01/02/2026
Repaired again, and again plus the recalls.
Repaired again, and again plus the recalls. Electrical issues, engine, transmission. Cheap plastic pieces interior. Uncomfortable seats!! Headroom, leg room space. I, owned this car for less than a year and traded it in.
By Jeff R from Estes Park, CO
Used to own this car
09/19/2025
This is the most uncomfortable car I have ever driven.
This is the most uncomfortable car I have ever driven. I'm 6'1", and my head rubbed the ceiling even with the seat in its lowest position. The back seats are even worse, with the lowest headroom of any car in its class. Additionally, the front seats are rock hard and have internal components that shift during acceleration. This car was designed for small wide people, not tall skinny ones.
By Embalming1 from Suffolk County, NY
Owns this car
09/14/2025
I'm totally satisfied with my camry.
I'm totally satisfied with my camry. It's the most advanced automobile I've ever driven.I commute 50 miles per day round trip and I get on average 53 miles per gallon. The traffic assist feature is my most used as I'm always in bumper to bumper traffic, this is when the camry hybrid shines best as it makes its own electricity. I've never owned a Toyota before. I traded my malibu for it & have never looked back.
By The Roaring Camry from Detroit, MI
Owns this car
07/06/2025
2025 Camry SE is a nice ride.
2025 Camry SE is a nice ride. It's almost luxury feeling but kinda sporty as well. Averaging 49-50 mpg. Pretty comfortable and pretty decent power with 225hp so it doesn't feel slow. Pretty happy with purchase and would reccomend it. $31k + tax
By Will from Hoover Alabama
Owns this car
05/23/2025
I got the LE but everything still feels high quality and
I got the LE but everything still feels high quality and stylish, little expensive like everything these days but still very happy with my car.
By Pete from Lakeland, FL
Owns this car
03/01/2025
I like my 2025 Camry S.
I like my 2025 Camry S.E.. I think it is a nearly perfect car, except for the price of the car, which was too much. I paid nearly $36,000 for this car, but I feel this car's value is closer to $22,000. All cars/trucks are severely overpriced. The quality of the car is outstanding, the ride is taut and sporty, acceleration is more than adequate. The dealer experience was nearly traumatic! It sickens me that Toyota sales-managers can lie so easily and advertise falsely without having to spend some time in jail in an attempt to rip-off consumers!
By daMANPaulRyan from Tyler,Tx
Owns this car
02/08/2025
I’ve owned an 03 Mustang Gt w/ a soft top The only
I’ve owned an 03 Mustang Gt w/ a soft top The only reason I mention that is because I loved that car for the feeling I had while driving it. I get that same feeling with this car, but don’t feel like I’m in a Tin Can. I’ve only owned it 3 months and have driven 8,000 Miles, so far, it seems like the most responsible decision I could’ve made when buying a New Car.
See all reviews

Dealer Disclaimer: Accessories and color may vary. Quoted price subject to change without notice to correct errors or omissions. New vehicle pricing may already include applicable manufacturer incentives which may expire at any time and are subject to incentive qualification criteria and requirements, and which may be contingent upon manufacturer finance company approval. College grad and military rebates are not included. Manufacturer incentive data and vehicle features is provided by third parties and believed to be accurate as of the time of publication. Please contact the store by email or phone for details and availability of incentives. Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, $499 tag agency/electronic filing fee and $995 dealer service fee are included in quoted price.

Cars.com Disclaimer: The information on vehicles provided in this service is supplied by the seller or other third parties; Cars.com is not responsible for the accuracy of such information. Cars.com provides this service and materials without representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. Click here for more details.

Bluetooth® is a registered mark of Bluetooth® SIG, Inc. Android Auto™ is a trademark of Google LLC. Apple CarPlay® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. Burmester is a registered trademark of Burmester Audiosysteme GmbH, Berlin, Germany.

*Estimated payments are calculated by Cars.com and are for informational purposes only. We’ve estimated your taxes based on your provided ZIP code. These estimates do not include title, registration fees, lien fees, or any other fees that may be imposed by a governmental agency in connection with the sale and financing of the vehicle. Other taxes may apply. They do not represent a financing offer or a guarantee of credit from the seller. Actual terms vary by lender.

Please rate your vehicle details experience.
Shop
Used Cars
New Cars
Certified Pre-Owned
Cars for Sale by Owner
Find a Dealer
Pickup Trucks Buying Guide
Electric Cars Buying Guide
Financing
Research & News
Consumer Car Reviews
Car News & Expert Reviews
Compare Cars
Best Cars Rankings
Safety & Recalls
American-Made Index
Video Reviews
Sell
Sell Your Car
Get Instant Offer
Free Listing on Cars.com
Selling Guides & Tips
Tools & Services
Car Loan Calculators
Car Affordability Calculator
Ship a Car
Car Warranty
Car Insurance
Car Maintenance
Site Map
Top Metro Areas
Chicago, IL
Houston, TX
Los Angeles, CA
Phoenix, AZ
Atlanta, GA
Philadelphia, PA
New York, NY
San Diego, CA
For Dealers
Explore Cars Commerce
Log In To Your Platform
Our Mobile App
Connect With Us
Popular Car Models
Toyota
Toyota RAV4
Toyota Prius
Toyota Tacoma
Toyota Camry
Toyota 4Runner
Honda
Honda CR-V
Honda Civic
Honda Accord
Honda Pilot
Honda HR-V
Ford
Ford Maverick
Ford Bronco
Ford F-150
Ford Mustang Mach-E
Ford Explorer
Jeep
Jeep Wrangler
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Jeep Wagoneer
Jeep Grand Wagoneer
Jeep Cherokee
Chevrolet
Chevrolet Corvette
Chevrolet Silverado 1500
Chevrolet Traverse
Chevrolet Tahoe
Chevrolet Colorado
Kia
Kia Sportage
Kia Sorento
Kia Stinger
Kia K5
Kia EV6
About Cars.com
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Careers
Licensing & Rights
Fraud Awareness
Feedback
Terms & Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
My Privacy Choices
Cookie Preferences
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Ad Choices
© 2026 Cars.com. All rights reserved.